Doc fixes (#9107)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/cors/_index.md

When CORS is enabled in a web browser and a request for a different domain comes in, the web browser checks whether this request is allowed or not. To do that, it typically sends a preflight request (HTTP `OPTIONS` method) to the server or service that serves the requested resource to get back the methods that are allowed to use when sending the actual cross-origin request, such as `GET`, `POST`, etc. If the request to the different domain is allowed, the response includes CORS-specific headers that instruct the web browser how to make the cross-origin request. For example, the CORS headers typically include the origin that is allowed to access the resource, and the credentials or headers that must be included in the cross-origin request. 

Note that the preflight request is optional. Web browsers can also be configured to send the cross-origin directly. However, access to the request resource is granted only if CORS headers were returned in the response. If no headers are returned during the preflight request, the web browser denies access to the resource in the other domain. 

> CORS policies are typically implemented to limit access to server resources for JavaScripts that are embedded in a web page, such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CORS policies are typically implemented to limit access to server resources for JavaScripts that are embedded in a web page, such as:
```

* A JavaScript on a web page at `example.com` tries to access a different domain, such as `api.com`.

> * A JavaScript on a web page at `example.com` tries to access a different subdomain, such as `api.exampl.com`.

Reviewer: just making sure that `exampl` is intentionally misspelled? wasnt sure if that was the different domain, or if the `api.` is the diff part

* A JavaScript on a web page at `example.com` tries to access a different port, such as `example.com:3001`.
* A JavaScript on a web page at `https://example.com` tries to access the resources by using a different protocol, such as `http://example.com`. 

For more details, see [this article](https://medium.com/@baphemot/understanding-cors-18ad6b478e2b).

> ## How to configure a VirtualService for CORS? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to configure a VirtualService for CORS
```

    - '*'
{{< /highlight >}}

{{% notice note %}} 

> Some apps, such as `httpbin`, have built-in CORS policies that allow all origins. These policies take precedence over CORS policies that you might configured in Gloo Edge.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some apps, such as `httpbin`, have built-in CORS policies that allow all origins. These policies take precedence over CORS policies that you might configure in Gloo Edge. 
```

| `allowMethods`     | `[]string` | Specifies the content for the *access-control-allow-methods* header.                                                                                             |         |
| `allowHeaders`     | `[]string` | Specifies the content for the *access-control-allow-headers* header.                                                                                             |         |
| `exposeHeaders`    | `[]string` | Specifies the content for the *access-control-expose-headers* header.                                                                                            |         |
| `maxAge`           | `string`   | Specifies the content for the *access-control-max-age* header.                                                                                                   |         |
| `allowCredentials` | `bool`     | Specifies whether the resource allows credentials.                                                                                                               |         |

> | `disableForRoute` | `bool` | If set, the CORS Policy (specified on the virtual host) will be disabled for this route. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableForRoute` | `bool` | If set, the CORS Policy (specified on the virtual host) is disabled for this route. | false |
```
